---
layout: post
title:  "Invest in Wales"
category: english
---
# Invest in Wales

Along with England, Scotland and Northern Ireland, Wales forms part of the United Kingdom and the European Union. With advanced infrastructure and communication networks, it offers a unique gateway to the UK and Europe and markets around the world.

Over the last 15 years, Wales has become an economic powerhouse in Europe, where pioneering new technologies are developed and where manufacturing accounts for around 30% of GDP. From an economy that was built on primary industries like coal and steel, Wales has emerged as a leading force in an increasingly diverse range of high-tech sectors, from aviation to optical electronics.

With a commercial environment that has embraced new technologies and established a strong culture of innovation, Wales is increasingly attracting sector-leading companies from  all over the world.Globally recogised brand names like Agilent Technologies, Bosch, Toyota have all chosen Wales as their European location.

Welsh Assembly Government <sub>威尔士国民大会</sub>

In 1999, reforms to the United Kingdom's constitution led to the establishment of the Welsh Assembly Government. The Assemby took over the responsibilities of the Welsh Office<sub>威尔士事务部</sub> and its annual budget of f12 billon and now controls most central government functions in Wales, incuding education and the health service.

The arrival of Welsh Assembly has led to a clearer profile for Wales around the world and a stronger voice within the European Union. It has also provided an enhanced role for the Welsh Develpment Agency<sub>威尔士工商发展局</sub> , which is now accountable directly to Assembly Government and which has been given new responsibilities to promote economic development in Wales.


## Overview

## Welsh Assembly Goverment

## Welsh Development Agency

## Why Invest in Wales?

### Tariff-free Europe

### Low Cost Base

### World Class Workforce

### Connected

### Tailor-made Financial Package

### The Welcome to Wales Programme

#### House Search

#### School Search

#### Area Familiarisation

#### Work Permits

